it was a peaceful day at police prisons
city where bad lego man was in the
prison the locomotive was doing the
usual rounds around the prison cell
everything was happy the police men were
on patrol new policeman in patrolling
around the control room with the guards
in the control room were gone missing as
usual on must be on morning tea break
they were always on morning tea breaks
or afternoon breaks the spot from the
guy on the spotlight was also missing he
must be on lunch break so there was
hardly any guards except guard mr. Kwon
would be any guard on duty that day and
bad let go bad lego man in himself
decided now was demoted make his move he
used his super MA he'd been working out
so he was so strong he broke the door
down he ran down the sides
he saw pod mod tried to stop him but bad
Mega Man was too fast or too strong he
flipped open
switch open the hatch and he saw the
train coming
oh we landed in the back of the carriage
what early meanwhile inspector plotted
now come back three senses and he set
the alarm off alarms going and they say
quick ready emergency crews whether the
police blackout get the police car
the police stopped the police car the
bike came racing out off the hang-up out
of the hangar we'll be back in just a
moment we have a small technical
difficulty